hello everyone for this video
I will use the plate today
of this theme ping delaney food 003
I wanted to continue with the food
0.04 but I do not have what I wanted
so I think I'll come back on it
a little later in base we take a
small brown a little latte for the
coffee theme etc the number 706 all this
latest
so as usual we take a
cotton thibault pad and well we come
clean everything we put around
ie on the skin and so that's it
for our coffee theme there the global theme
of the 0.03 flatness of the blow this is a
little bit of breakfast even though I
not included chocolate so that's right
only for this plate
there were quite a few others I think
that it's there 0 05 00 6 007 that was
entirely dedicated to chocolate and which
had to go out
and then well, who ultimately is not
out since we change format and the
provider
but I think I 'll do more and
here's the next time I 'll do
maybe a little erythema theme
lunch so that's the plate
0.03 food
so what gives a result a little
nice what can be nice if you
work in a cafe so like
usually we end up with a shot of
bend over
with dictation yesterday on the side is missing
a little bit of white but it's not
very serious
the little cups the little flowers I
find it I find it they are
really good so that's eco concept
coffee and so the cat word rigor 003
waste of the year dot com so
do not forget that you can us
follow on our facebook page google +
and then of course on our site
internet in the year must therefore to
soon for a next decoration